Add section on gNSI artifacts in bootz response (#139)
openconfig/bootz: README.md

> 5. GetBootstrappingDataResponse
>    1. The server responds with the intent for the device's baseline state.
>     This includes the OS version and boot password hash, and an initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. GetBootstrappingDataResponse
   1. The server responds with the intent for the device's baseline state.
    This includes the OS version and boot password hash and configuration
    to allow the device to progress to enrollment and attestation or even 
    bring the device fully into a production state.  The configuration includes:
        1. bootstrap config
        2. dynamic config
        3. gNSI artifacts such as certz, pathz, authz, credentialz

```
